doc(transports): Improvements (#2)
Guikingone/SchedulerBundle: doc/worker.md

# Worker

The worker is one of the main tools of this bundle, every "due" tasks is retrieved via the worker
and executed thanks to [runners](runners.md).

## Concepts

The worker uses a very simple approach and can act in two ways:

- As a daemon (using the `--wait` option in the consume command)
- As a loop (default behaviour)

## Daemon

The worker has been built to be able to "wait" due tasks, the approach is simple:

> - Once launched, the worker ask the scheduler to returns due tasks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Once launched, the worker asks the scheduler to return due tasks
```

> - If there's no due tasks, the worker use the current time and determine the "wait" period until the next minute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If there are no due tasks, the worker uses the current time and determines the "wait" period until the next minute.
```

> - If there's due tasks, the worker will call the registered runners to execute each task, once every task

Reviewer: "If there's" => "If there are" (twice)

Author: Nice catch, fixed

> - If there are due tasks, the worker will call the registered runners to execute each task, once every task

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If there are due tasks, the worker will call the registered runners to execute each task. Once every task
```
